We learnt that while figuring out concepts and code on the fly is necessary, taking some time to understand the basics of what we are doing can greatly speed things up and improve our code.
Avinash learnt about web development, javascript, jQuery, client-server communication, etc. 
James learnt the basics of javascript, web design, HTML and CSS styling, etc. 
Aryan learnt about reading CSV files, and concurrent hash maps.

Avinash enjoyed figuring out and planning the higher-level specifications, how all the parts would fit together, etc.
James enjoyed designing the index.html's CSS, from the color to the spacing to the font.
Aryan enjoyed the collaborative aspect of the project, how all members could write separate files of code which fit together in the end to make a complete project.

Avinash found developing the chrome extension frustrating. Since he was essentially trying to figure things out on the fly, he ran into many errors and had to redo many parts of the code and had trouble finding the correct way to do things
James was frustrated with sending information from the HTML to the javascript, and from the javascript to the server. Additionally, he was frustrated from trying to learn javascript for the first time for a relatively difficult bit of code.
Aryan was frustrated with accurately parsing the CSV file in such a way as to deal with text containing commas.

Avinash found the support of the professor, TAs and his parents (who have masters in CS) helpful. They were able to identify where he was going wrong, fix the misunderstanding and sometimes even notice things he didn't consider.
James found online resources (StackOverflow, W3Schools, Geeks4Geeks) very helpful. He was able to find the things he needed easily, and with some effort could adapt and learn what was necessary.
Aryan found the communication and documentation aspects of GitHub very helpful, as he could see the others' code and reference it in order to maintain consistency and improve his own code.

Overall, the project was a challenging one, but by working together, sharing our knowledge and getting help when we needed it, we were able to produce something we could be proud of.
